Hello and welcome back to The Machine Learning.
It is, of course, a super excited to have you back here on board for this new part on natural language
processing in this quick tutorial will go over what is coming up for us in terms of the intuition of
videos to better understand natural language processing.
So first thing that I want to mention is that the upcoming videos that you will see are actually taken
from a specialized course that we have in the space of natural language processing is called Deep Learning
and an LP A to Z.
And why I'm saying that is you will hear references to things like deep learning or sector sic models
and other things.
So I wanted to clarify what is important to us in this specific part of the course and what needs to
be disregarded.
So let's have a look in this section.
Here is what we'll be focusing on.
So we will have a tutorial on types of natural language processing.
So we'll discuss all different sorts of types.
And I think that's a great way to become aware of what exists in the world of natural language pushing,
processing, even if it includes the deep learning models or even the more advanced sectors like model.
So you'll hear those terms.
But our focus here will be on a different type of national energy program, one which will come up just
now.
Then you'll actually have a we'll have a tutorial on classical versus deep learning models and we'll
discuss the differences between them and different kind of usages and some some examples as well.
Again, to increase our awareness of the space of national language processing.
And finally, we'll have a tutorial specifically dedicated to the bag of words model.
So that is the main tutorial that we need to be focusing on, because that's the model that you will
be building.
Together, we've had lunch in the practical tutorials and we'll get the intuition behind bag of words
in this in this tutorial.
And just so that we're on the same page in this part or in this course on machine learning it, that
we're not going to be talking about the sector sake model or chat boards or deep national language processing.
Those are more advanced topics.
If you'd like to discover them and take your national language processing skills further after this
section, of course, you can always have a look.
And we invite you to have a look at our course that was mentioned just before.
Deep learning and natural language processing.
A to Z.
And you can find a lot of those things there.
But even these this awareness of national language processing and this bag of words model and the practical
applications that you'll be discussing online is going to be a great start into the world of A.P. and
will allow you to practice certain skills of pooling text apart and getting insights from text.
Very exciting.
To Terrill's coming up.
Can't wait for you to get started with this part of the course.
So if I'd followed you, let's dive straight into it.
And until next, I'm happy analyzing.